#summary What you didn't find elsewhere

= Introduction =

Some questions you could ask or others asked for.

== Testing openxmllib ==

*openxmllib* ships with its own unit tests. These work perfectly on my Macintosh (Tiger) engine and Python 2.4. Please run these tests with your own platform (Windows, Linux, ...) and submit a [http://code.google.com/p/openxmllib/issues/entry new issue] on any encountered problem.

== Contributing ==

*Yes, openxmllib is a nice project and you want to help us to add some features, fixing bugs, adding documentation to this package. How could I help?*

Many thanks for your help.

If you just want to submit a patch, just fill in a [http://code.google.com/p/openxmllib/issues/entry new issue] that explains your fix and provide the patch using the `svn diff` command.

If you want to contribute actively to openxmllib and have subversion commit access, please submit a [http://code.google.com/p/openxmllib/issues/entry new issue] explaining your vision for future features of openxmllib.

= About lxml =

== Why are we stuck with lxml 1.3.x =

*Yes, I know there's a new stable version of lxml (2.0.1 at the date of wrinting). But lxml 1.3.x is enough for what we need now and some Mac users - like me - are still stuck with lxml 1.3.x today?*

http://thread.gmane.org/gmane.comp.python.lxml.devel/3290/focus=3466

http://thread.gmane.org/gmane.comp.python.lxml.devel/3273/focus=3292

Anyway, after reading the code, and the doc that ships with lxml 2, openxmllib _should_ work with lxml 2.0.x.

I just need some volunteers who can run the unit tests that ship with openxmllib against lxml 2.0.x. Anyone?
